I'm going to have to go.
Many will come to order.
The chair was detained by Carl from the Senate's floor, stating that the sergeant of arms
are looking for senators that they need to smear for a live forum and I relayed the message on behalf of the committee that was very much like to get out of the hearings.
You were all trying to expedite the hearings and be wondered if it would be possible to do so.
The position goes, right?
Don't know.
So I would suggest that Mrs. Lock that we start.
Call the Senate and find out because it's possible we'll have to go but enter for a forum call.
Otherwise the committee will come to order the chair would again like to remind the audience to comply, but the committee will move to be paying them all manifestations of approval or disapproval during the crisis of the hearings.
As a group, you have been magnificent throughout the week and I trust that nobody will soak and dump himself or hurt himself today that the officers have to carry out the standing rule of the committee to invite you to leave the room because you have violated the conditions under which you entered.
Namely to refrain from all manifestations of approval or disapproval.
Can anyone come to order?
Yes, Mr. Caliabend, we call the committee as a presentation.
It's becoming before you resume.
And I just like to be persistent about the matter, but I have made several cute little attempts to get Mr. Hensel relief from attendance here.
Obviously he has a principle in this controversy cannot ask to be relieved. He's not under subpoena here of course, but in view of the mounting workload at a time like this, it seems to me the committee should take cognizance of that.
And he should be relieved of attendance here, but certainly he could be represented by council.
And that ought to be sufficient until such time as Mr. Hensel might be called.
I'm going to take a reminder of that.
Now, will the extended margin of the chair for a moment he has been advised by Mr. Lott that the size of the bottom of his forehead can get too thin.
So, my group can come over, they can make it quorum, until they have his bottom check.
Mr. Caliabend, Mr. Caliabend, I have already had one big letter from my time.
You have a reach date, he has requested.
I was then with Mr. Hensel, with the deck and the guitar.
I think my credit card is from the owner.
I don't know what he is.
At the time, we can head back to the bar.
We think we could reach that today and also, if we have a run.
You have the request from my colleague who will not probably be alive at all for long.
Thank you.
Mr. Hensel, I have this morning I suggested that perhaps Mr. Hensel ought to be relieved of the tenement here, without any prejudice, west of ever the jammer to the hearing, because of the mounting workload and the face of certain international tensions.
And I don't believe that the committee ought to have him to make a request to the committee to be relieved.
I think it's the committee's duty as he can be spared to let him resume his legacy.
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Caliabend, supplementing what Senator Daxon has said, I wish to express my ideas with respect to that subject.
First of all, none of us is unmindful of the importance of the work that should be transacted by Mr. Hensel at this time.
Number one, Mr. Hensel is represented by Able Counsel.
Number two, at the end of each session, his counsel is first with a transcription of the entire proceedings.
Number three, no evidence can be introduced here, touching Mr. Hensel, save all two points.
One day, he and sight, procure, are instigated the bringing of these charges by Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adams against the MacArthur Committee.
Number two, while Senator MacArthur's committee investigating Mr. Hensel, and his place activities to the knowledge of Mr. Hensel, those matters are more or less collateral to the main issues involved.
And I see no earthly reason why Mr. Hensel should not leave if he so desires, leaving his Able Counsel here to look after his members and attend to the matters to which Senator Daxon referred.
Mr. Hensel, I think I also have a hot tip of mind in the position Mr. Hensel does, but he's got much more important work to do with him to sit here listening to his testimony.
However, I think it will be a mistake for us to, in any way, pressure Mr. Hensel to leave because the involvement of Mr. Hensel in this, I think, is greater than Mr. Stevens gave him.
I do think that Mr. Hensel could be back to his work, but his counsel representing the counsel seems to be extremely confident I know nothing but his back-end.
Thank you, Senator. I'm having a judge for a long time, and I get the impression that you're very confident, Mr. Hensel here.
On the same line, Mr. Chairman, if we could possibly cut down the number of fine, military personnel sitting back here doing nothing except warming their heels, not for their own size, but because of orders from the civilians of Pentagon.
I think we should release them. Take for example, General Reaver, who apparently has a pretty good record over in Europe, is in command over their nouns, that of being over there, they should be quoting Senator Potter with a world about to go up and play him.
I'd like to see General Reaver back in his command.
General Young is here, General Young is charged with tremendous responsibilities, and not suggesting we deprive Secretary Stevens of any assistance which he needs that I do think we are wasting just too much confident men power in this committee, and I may be getting off your press and some redirection, but number one, I've got no objection at all.
I'm not going to cancel anything, and I think it should be made clear that he is not leading because he feels that in any way agrees with the specifications we set forth, but he's leading because he's the competent counsel representative.
Right, Mr. Hensel? Yes, yes.
Yes, my right, Mr. Ryan?
Yes, in response to the Chairman's question and Senator Dirkson's suggestion, which he's most gratefully received.
I would like to say that Mr. Hensel would like to attend to his duties, and would be leaving if he did for the reason that he has important matters that require immediate attention.
I'd like to make only this one statement, but if, while I am here representing, and any issue comes up, which relates to him, on which I require consultation with him.
I'd be given an opportunity to do so before that issue is pursued.
Very reasonable.
Any other question, Mr. McIntyre?
I think that's a very reasonable question.
Very reasonable, if I have any questions, I think Mr. Hensel would be very careful, and maybe share with me again, because we want to be thinking of the stuff that is trying to be our concern.
The only people who attend this is required in the room, as long as you appear on the witness desk.
They are entitled to have with them what's comfortable and advisers they deserve ahead.
But the committee does not want to assume the responsibility of retaining in the room.
Anybody else except those under subpoenae, and those on the witness desk.
Everybody else is here, according to the distance, and we don't touch them.
But the conscience of all of the associates with them.
Mr. Chair, could I say a word on behalf of the Army?
General Reaper is not many around my orders or anyone's down to orders, and it's continually spread to the West.
You go back to the European command.
In the strength of what has been said here, I am going to object General Reaper, and now understand he made me even that nobody has any notion of calling his stand again.
I have settled out issue right now, and I will find out whether anybody else has any committees.
A council for any side desires to again call Mr. Reaper if not we will dismiss him, permanently as the witness.
Is there any objection to the permanent dismissal of General Reaper as the witness?
Chair here is none, he's dismissed, he can go back to your room.
The other Army officer is here, and this goes for Secretary of the Army as well.
My observation of him is the Army's work is being done, we work nights and weekends, and I on the whole, while it's very, it's double up there work, I think I can assure the country that the Army is being run by what you might call overtime.
And another River before the leave, I think that you can carry with you the well wishes of the end-half minute.
Sure, that's the right thing to have me say.
All right, find the next room, or you accompany something, and basically, this is the nature of exposition, and I don't know, but I hope it is.
I think we left off having dismissed Mr. Collier, he's been called back to the chair and defend, he continues to be sworn, or do we have to swear him against him?
He continues to be sworn, he still sworn.
You are not sworn, you continue to be sworn in council for the ultimate position to be pressing the detector.
Collier since the members have or not you further conferred with the office of Mr. Hoover, I, during the new recess, talk to Mr. Hoover on the telephone.
You know that it was Mr. Hoover in person with whom you talked.
I do, sir, I have other conversations with him on the telephone or at the office.
During the new recess were you specifically requested by Senator McCarthy and his staff through me to obtain certain additional information from Mr. Hoover with respect to the two-and-a-half-page document and the 15-page document.
Yes sir.
Are you now prepared to answer the questions asked of me by Senator McCarthy and Mr. Collier in the new hour?
Yes sir. I believe though that I should recount to the committee the conversations that I had with Mr. Hoover at the conclusion of that, of course, any questions.
You're talking about the conversation between Mr. Hoover and the new hour?
Yes. We now relate in detail that conversation, which I think will answer Senator McCarthy's question.
On your instructions I communicated with the FBI and expressed my desire to talk to Mr. Hoover.
Within a few minutes there, after Mr. Hoover called me on the telephone, he stated that the letter to the General Bowling of January 26, 1951 was classified by the word confidentions.
And he does not feel that he has any right to declassify it or to discuss its conduct.
May I point out at this time that the FBI in 1951 did not use the classifications normally attributed to the military, that is, restricted confidential secret and top secret.
They use either the characterization confidential or personal confidential.
Therefore that confidential in Mr. Hoover's opinion and his statement to me is the highest classification that can be put on a document by the FBI.
He said further that the contents of the two and one-quarter page documents as compared to the 15 page documents are alike for different in the following respects.
They are different in classification.
That is, the two and one-quarter page document has a classification personal confidential.
The 15 page document has a classification confidential.
They are different in salutation.
The 15 page document carried no salutation, was merely an interdepartmental number and the two and one-quarter page document carried a classification served.
They are different in conclusion.
In that the two and one-quarter page document concluded with the statements from Silly-Urge, J.H. Hoover, director, whereas the 15 page document had no statement on it.
They are different in that the 15 page document reflected a carbon copy to the United States Air Force.
The two and one-quarter page document did not.
Now they are alike or different as to substance.
That was informed as to substance in the following respects.
The two and one-quarter page documents and the 15 page documents are alike in that paragraph one, two, three, and four are the same.
The paragraph one, two, three, and four are alike in both documents.
The paragraph five, carrying on page one, could it be at this point, Mr. Chairman, for the record of view that I can no longer read this?
In this paragraph one, two, three, and four, means all of page one, so they picture the names, please.
Can you please all of page two down to the...
No, Senate, the paragraph one, two, three, and four are on page one.
You were calling the quotation of the paragraph.
Yes, the paragraph, four to the quotation of the paragraph.
So on page one, you have one, two, three, and four paragraphs, each of which are identical in both documents.
On page one, there is a paragraph five.
That is different from paragraph five in the 15 page documents.
Page one.
The last paragraph on page one is a parenthetical statement.
It's a paragraph on page one.
Well, on the time the eye have it, so well.
Your page must be different.
Your page one is part of my page two, I'm sorry.
I'm referring to the document I have in my design.
Have you had the paragraph five, please?
The paragraph five is a term-setic person.
A very theoretical statement, and it appears as a fifth paragraph on page one.
It's a very well-configured statement.
And that paragraph is different in its entirety from paragraph five in the 15 page documents.
Right.
Now on page two, paragraph six.
You were going to find a paragraph on page two.
You're going to find a paragraph on page two.
No, I think we're going to have to have this as well.
It's just a minute quick.
You'll have to get this.
Well, I'll definitely get this.
That's a little clearer.
The parenthetical question I have assumed, didn't appear in the document at all.
The paragraph is entirely different.
I think that's all I can say.
Oh, there's no clear answer to that.
Of course, no.
I know the chair is playing the second-hand, I send him a card, he has all committee members.
Mr. Kyle, he's tested by anybody with a soul by Mr. Hoover.
And has no independent knowledge of resume of where these paragraphs are.
I would like to make that clear.
Very good.
On page two, paragraph six is the first paragraph.
That paragraph is identical in both documents.
Following paragraph six on page two is a list of, in the 2-in-1-4 page documents, is a list of 34 names.
Followed by an evaluation.
In the FCI document, 15 page documents, paragraph six was followed by a list of three documents.
By a series of names, following each name, there being a factual statement of security information.
There was no evaluation placed on that information by the FDI.
And I want to make it very clear to the committee, Mr. Hoover stressed to me, and as well know, that the FDI does not evaluate information merely presented.
On page two, following the list of names is paragraph seven.
Which paragraph extends over from the page three and is identical in both documents.
On page three, the last paragraph, number eight, is identical in both documents.
Mr. Hoover advised that he could not make any further comments along the substance of this of either the documents that it is still classified and that he still respectfully refers the committee to the Attorney General.
He further advised that the original 15 page documents was pennies,
to General Bowling's office, by liaison representative on January 27th, and that the original and one copy went to General Bowling's office, and the FDI this morning determined from that office that the original and one copy are in their file.
A carbon copy was delivered by a liaison representative on January 29th, 1951, to the office of Major General Joseph F. Carroll, United States Air Force.
The FDI this morning ascertains that that copy is presently in the files of the Air Force.
There were in addition to those three copies, a yellow pick wear copy, white copy and the file copy, a yellow copy, and both of those are presently in the files of the FDI.
All copies that were prepared by the FDI are present and accounted for.
In connection with the matter of the use of the classification SBNI call, I tried to make that as clear as I could this morning.
Mr. Hoover commented that that is a routine general classification used for investigation, that it does not mean that any of the individuals mentioned in the document
are being investigated for SBNI HR or are guilty of it or anything else.
It merely is a routine arbitrary classification that is placed upon investigation when it is initiated.
And because of this layer does not mean that the names of the individuals or the individuals mentioned in any document are in any way involved in that matter.
It is an out that the Bureau conducts investigations into kidnapping, extortion, and other types cases that when the initial complaint comes in, the cases open, and investigation is initiated, they under the word kidnapped.
But it does not mean that everybody whose name is mentioned in the document is guilty of kidnapped.
Is there any questions in this document?
I have no further questions.
Mr. Chairman, I have no one question.
With reference to the number of pages in the document, is this one complete memorandum or some of the pages accounted for as fortifying a record as our other memorandum?
Or is it a continuous running document? Are you speaking for 15 pages of documents?
It is a complete running document.
It is all.
The extent of action and the time is one of the recordings that was assaulting.
The alarm, if we are at census.
No, I am very sorry.
If you take your violin hearing time, the left.
No questions.
No questions, the right.
Mr. Welp, any further questions?
No questions.
Any further questions?
I have.
The view of the fact that the press sitting here on the television audience cannot follow what paragraph 12345678 is.
The view of the ruling of Chidnafi Red, and I will certainly respect that ruling.
I would like to, this plan make it clear that Mr. Chali referred to paragraph 1 being identical to the FBI report from J.R. Hoover.
Cargot, 2. Cargot, 3. Cargot, 4. Cargot, 4. And paragraph 5 is different.
I will take it right now.
The paragraph
is the entire letter with the exception of paragraph 5, which I will discuss.
And with the exception of the list of menus.
I can't turn these up.
Please.
I'm going to do this, but you're probably going to get the paragraph.
The paragraph is reading out,
constitutes the entire document with the exception of the names, which I listed on this document.
And the factual security information contained therein, regarding the end of the document.
As far as the last part of the document was I introduced to concern.
This differs from the original FBI report I understand in that this merely contained the names
with an evaluation after the drugitory or not drugitory, but the FBI report contained the pages of security information about these individuals.
That is true. After each name and the 15-page document there was a factual statement of information of the security nature concerning each one.
Whereas in this document the name is given and the evaluation of that information is made.
I think I can re-cargrap the file of the violating the chair's destruction.
Well, Senator Carvick, may I interrupt with you, sir, that the chair has ruled that he was in request related by J. H. H.O.
I have to move the Mr. Carvick, and there's not believe that we should commit any reading of it.
There's none of the committee members have seen any of it.
Until we hear from Mr. Jenny-Jent.
That's a lot of point to me, very well today.
I'm going to be glad to go on with that.
The transfer of advice is that Mr. Jenny-Jent is in contact with today.
paragraph 5 is the paragraph that I asked you to read this morning,
and with you thought you could not under the instruction from Mrs. Wilburn, I certainly don't.
I'm looking forward to the other with you on the left.
But I would like to make it clear that paragraph 5 is a perin-fedical explanation.
Employ certain information has been deleted from this letter, and obviously paragraph 5 would not...
Let me finish Mr. Chairman.
Chair believes that no reply may be made to the ten of Mr. Letter.
Mr. Chairman, I'll give you the answer.
All right, but can that suppose and disclose the contents of the letter?
Yes, Mr. Chairman, the president referred to as a pony by Mr. Welch.
That's one of the most serious reflections upon the integrity of the chairman
that we've had so far and I have many reflections upon my integrity.
And I think I'm entitled, Mr. Chairman, to point out that paragraph 5 is a perin-fedical paragraph explaining...
I don't even know if one of these public claims, the perin-fedical paragraph 5 explains why certain materials from the FBI report is not contained in this report.
And obviously, therefore, it should not have been in the original FBI report.
I don't know, Mr. Collier, can answer this or not. Let me answer this, Mr. Collier.
You have not read the perin-fed paragraph 5.
I have not.
So you don't know that that's an explanation in front of these.
I only know that Mr. Hoover says that the paragraph was different from the 15-page documents and the two-in-one-quarter-page document had a perin-fedical statement in place of paragraph.
With which the Bureau of Report did not hand.
In other words, that's correct.
And so, again, the security information within the explanation in front of this is a parenthesis of what kind of a user.
I think you've answered this, and I don't want to keep you on the stand-in document like this.
So when we take paragraph 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 7, 8,
if you say that's identical to the report of the Edgar Hoover, that is the entire letter with the exception of the list of names.
And in the documents which I supplied, I did not supply the information about each name, which would be security information.
So if we took the FDR report and a fit of the listing names, if we listed the names and the information about each one, then we would have the identical report.
Is that right?
The summary of you, aren't the... I'm afraid that's a conclusion, you ask. So I don't feel that I should.
I will say that in substance, the paragraphs are as I stated, the difference in form, I will always say.
Well, now, you'll have to pardon me if Mr. Chairman for being repetitious from this, but, indeed, the serious charge has made this morning.
I think we could have this clear that. And quick, there's once more to be...
If we take out the parenthetic-lect question with paragraph 5,
if we delete from this document, and we listen to this whole questionnaire, if we take out the parenthetic-lect question in paragraph 5,
if we delete from this document, the name... which I'll listen, then if we were to delete from the FBI report,
the name with the latest, plus the information about each one of those names.
The document would be identical, but then I say, give your note that you may not.
From the information in my possession, I will say that paragraph 1, 2, 3, and 4 are the same.
5 is different, containing a paracetical statement in place of a paragraph.
6 is the same, and following 6 in this document, before me, the 2-in-1-4 page is a list of names,
taking up about a half of the page, whereas in the 15 page document, there would have been the names and factual information taking up many pages.
That's there after following that paragraph 7 and 8 are the same.
Just so we'll have this one final question.
8 is the last paragraph in the...
That is correct. And was the last paragraph in the 15 page document?
After terminally amicess, I guess and now...
The other day I was stated that Mr. Welch speaks for Mr. Stevens.
Mr. Welch, this morning, to millions of television viewers, call us a complete 20.
If Mr. Stevens wants to let that stand, if he is statements, well, and good I think,
over Mr. Stevens, that would be given the opportunity to say that Mr. Welch does not speak in-prem this morning,
and that it has been a stab, but this is a verb-baton, verb-baton, copy of the report from the ad-regoomer in regards to communist theft.
The Charlotte Ikeman, the senator here that we have concluded, Mr. Collier, was to hope maybe soon, if Mr. Stevens is the next witness.
Why thought he might be given the opportunity now if he wants to hold himself up?
I'm continuing with Mr. Collier, if we have complete.
I'm sure Mr. Collier was here, Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, I'll make a point of order.
Yes.
There's been as much as we took a long time to find out about the picture, all we're going to consider re-crawling Mr. Stevens,
while trying to find out who furnished this document.
Mr. Chairman, I have every invention of pursuing the subject of this document until all of the information's possible pertaining to it has been fully elicited.
Well then, Mr. Counsel, I would think you were preferable somebody besides Mr. Stevens.
Mr. Senator Saintington, I have not indicated that Chairman I regret to say that State of Mr. Stevens was the next witness of Mr. Chairman.
I take the responsibility of not having advised you that that is not in accordance with my claim.
The very reason, Charlotte corrects himself a another witness that you just got told between the witnesses and the deceased.
I tell you that I am not aware of that change of life.
Do you have any further questions?
I have a message from Mr. Collier.
No further questions.
Thank you.
I ask you to have any further questions from Mr. Collier and to the defendant, to my right, I have any questions.
Mr. Senator, is there my left?
Yes.
There's one question.
And in the problem, there's one question, Mr. Chairman.
From what you have seen of the two documents, the one that has been presented here,
and the one that you discussed with Mr. Irgelyt.
I'll ask you to state whether it would be possible for anyone to compose or present the document now before us,
that they had access to the original documents or the original papers there have,
which still remain confidential and restricted.
Your answer is from my personal opinion.
From what you have done, I have resolved the truth.
What is the possible exception?
That the author of the document now before us must have had access to the original or the original copies thereof.
So I would say that since seven of us are a graph.